 
The next day.
The name of the guild had been decided.
Jinwoo went to the office.
“The name of the Guild…”
Yoo Jin-ho, who had been out since morning, smiled broadly when he heard the story.
“…is great, brother!”
Did you know that even the elegantly floating swans were kicking their feet as hard as they could underwater?
That’s how desperate Jinho was.
‘It may be whatever but Solo Player.’
Jin-ho had imagined many times introducing himself to someone: ‘I’m Yoo Jin-ho, the deputy director of Solo Player.’
It would be painful.
There was no clear reason, but one side of his chest would hurt as fuck.
But how can you detest a name chosen by your brother who came up with after unimaginable troubles?
There was a chance at that moment to grab and accept.
“Brother, the name of the Guild must be that!”
Jinwoo, who obtained the consent of his real partner, also made up his mind.
“Then the name’s been fixed.”
At his word, Yoo Jin-ho jumped for joy deep inside.
Jinwoo rubbed his chin.
“What remains is to find some members for the guild.”
“Speaking of which, brother…”
“Hmm?”
“What happened to Hunter Cha Hea-in yesterday?”
“I don’t think Cha Hea-in can do it … She’s not the one I wanted.”
‘Yikes!’
Yoo Jin-ho swallowed his groan.
He knew that Jinwoo’s eyes were not normal but he should at least be satisfied with Hunter Cha Hea-in; Cha Hea-in was an S-Class Hunter, young, outstanding, and even beautiful. There was no reason to reject her.
For normal people, it was something that had to be done.
But what could the word “normal” mean for Jinwoo?
‘My brother is the one who defeated, without any help, almost all the S-Class monsters in the raid that was officially taken by S-Class Hunters.’
It was a natural story if you could not come to terms with such an S-Class Hunter.
If so, what kind of Hunter will satisfy Jinwoo?
It seemed that the hundreds of people who have only seen the name “Sung Jinwoo”, in a Guild that had not been named yet, were going to be rejected.
‘I don’t think that any other volunteers will be better than Hunter Cha Hea-in…’
Concerned that the door of the guild could not be opened forever, Yoo Jin-ho asked carefully.
“Hey, brother… Just what kind of person do you seek?”
“A Hunter certificate holder who is not interested in the Guild business at all, but is still trustworthy.”
“Uh…”
Yoo Jin-ho thought of a man who met the condition.
‘This is perfect…’
Then.
knock, knock~
Someone knocked at the door of the office. “Who is it?”
Yoo Jin-ho got up and opened the door.
There were two men whom they had never seen before, uncomfortably standing there.
Park Jong Soo, master of the Knights Guild, who came to Seoul to find Jinwoo, and Jung Yoon Tae, deputy director of the Guild.
Park Jong-soo recognized Jinwoo at first sight and smiled brightly.
“Oh! You’re here!”
Jinwoo stood up and asked.
“Who are you?”
“Ah, the greetings are late.”
Park Jong-soo, who came quickly, politely extended his hand.
“I’m Park Jong-soo, Master of the Knights Guild.”
Jinwoo nodded.
Somehow he felt he had seen his face many times before.
If it was a person who had become Master of any of the five Great Guilds, even if you didn’t care about, you would still recognize their faces.
It had to come out on the news or TV.
But… if it was Knights Templar, they were a Great Guild with a stronghold in Busan.
Jinwoo, who heard the introduction, tilted his head and asked.
“But how did the Knights come here?”
“Oh, that is …”
After hesitating for a while, Park Jong-soo, who was exchanging eyes with Jeong Yun-tae, said with difficulty.
“This time we’re in charge of the biggest A-Class gate…”
Then, with quickly, the hesitation disappeared from his eyes.
“Hunter Sung Jinwoo, it’s something that you will surely be interested in. Could you just give us a minute?”
[The citizens tremble with fear at the giant gate that appeared in Guangali.] [The Hunter Association, concerned about permission.]
[Knights Guild will give up Gwanganri Gate?] [Is the nightmare of Jeju Island repeating itself?]
Park opened one of many articles and showed a video.
-Look at that, that. Are you taking it!?
-Yes, yes.
-Wow, that makes sense!? Is the Gate getting bigger!?
The images, which were supposedly taken by ordinary people, were full of terrified voices.
Also, the size of the Gate was too big. The height beyond the 10th floor building.
Even the citizens who were now accustomed to the Gates that were created without warning were inevitably scared.
“The Gate size and grade did not necessarily match.”
Park ended the video and added explanations.
“It’s said that an absurd amount of magical power is coming out of it.”
At the interesting news, Jin Woo asked with a serious look.
“Looks like S rank?”
“It’s not impossible to measure, it’s just one step below. It is the largest Gate ever seen in Busan.”
It was an A-Class Gate, but it was close to be an S-Class. ‘I can’t wait to get the EXP.’
Unlike Jinwoo’s heart, which began to beat quietly, Park spoke with a bitter voice.
“You must have seen the articles already, but we are trying to get permission from the Association”
“Is it too dangerous?”
“As you know, we don’t have any S-Class Hunters in our Knights Guild. It’s hard for the Hunter Association to trust us.”
Park Jong-soo looked at Jinwoo’s eyes rather than talking. “If you’re still looking for a Guild to join, come with us.”
Jinwoo showed him the file cover on the conference room desk before he could even speak.
Park could see a title stuck in the top of the cover.
[List of applicants for Guild members]
Park Jong-soo shrugged his head and nodded. “Aha…”
Park Jong-soo’s efforts to bring Jin-woo to the Knights Guild was in vain. Then it was time to take out the real thing.
“The Knights’ elite hunters are not inferior to other hunters, except that there is no S-Class to lead the A-Class.”
They did fare well so far but who knew what was going to happen in that raid.
And when the ‘what was going to happen’ he was worried about, happened, a top-notch Hunter would be absolutely necessary.
One S-Class presence can reverse the situation. Now they didn’t have to look far; it was right in front of them.
The South Korean team hunters were suddenly on the verge of annihilation, and there was a man who reversed the situation.
Moreover, Sung Jinwoo, even though a Hunter like them, right in front of them, was actually a stroke of faith.
‘Sign … Do you want me to ask?’
If the offer was rejected, he would give a sign of understanding his feelings about it.
“Is there something wrong?”
“Oh, no.”
Park Jong-soo laughed and continued.
“So if you could join us in the raid, we would be able to take it on.”
Jinwoo, with his arms folded, rested his back on his chair.
Before Jinwoo’s worries deepened, Park Jong-soo said hurriedly.
“Of course you will be reimbursed for your trouble.”
Then, he brought out a contract with a smile.
“I’ll give you 20 percent of the revenue you get from this Dungeon.”
A Great Guild dedicating 20% of the revenue from the Dungeon to one individual…
It was a treat to a Hunter that one couldn’t dream of.
When an ordinary Great Guild attacks a Dungeon, the income that an A-Class Hunter takes as his part is usually around 10 percent.
The Knights offered a double share to Jinwoo.
As Park Jong-soo said, the pay was really not disappointing.
But Jin-Woo’s idea was different.
“50 to 50.”
Park Jong-soo’s hand which had pulled out the pen for Jinwoo to sign, shook.
“Sorry?”
“You need to treat me as a guild, not as an individual. If you do so, then I’ll cooperate.”
Jin-Woo said firmly.
Park Jong-soo’s pupils were shaken when he heard that he needs to divide the income by half.
‘Crazy…!’
But he could not get anyone as strong as Jinwoo.
It was no exaggeration to say that the fate of Knights Guild depended on that raid.
Jinwoo clicked his tongue.
‘But it’s not 20 percent.’
He did not mean to take advantage of the difficult circumstances of the Knights Guild.
The most reasonable allocation in many ways. It was 50 / 50.
‘You want to tell me that you Knights are comparable to my shadow soldiers?’
There was no comparison neither in quality nor quantity. Plus there was an S-Class Hunter on the other side.
If the reward was only 20%, then it would be just like a free service.
In fair trade, for the agreement of each other, would it be necessary to hand over his part to the opponent?
Jinwoo clearly didn’t want to step back.
“Then let it be 40 / 60…”
“I’m not trying to bargain with you”
“So you mean there’s no room for thought except 50 / 50?”
Jinwoo replied by nodding his head.
Yes.
Park Jong-soo was lost in thought.
‘I thought he would be easy to deal with because he was young and the impression was kind, but it was not the case.’
Well
He was a man who can not be defeated even by collecting all the S-Class
hunters of the Republic of Korea.
Having such a Hunter join the attack team.
Perhaps his request was not unreasonable.
‘No, no, no…’
Park Jong-soo shook his head.
His 80 / 20 demand was unreasonable.
If the other side was heartless, then it will not be 50 / 50, but Jinwoo would insist on the 80 percent.
Anyway, it wasn’t the case with Hunter Sung Jinwoo.
If they gave up the raid, the Knights Guild loss would be immeasurable. On the contrary, what would he lose?
Nothing.
In the first place, he was sitting at the negotiating table with his bare hands.
But taking half of it, wasn’t it a very gentleman’s request?
‘That‘s all there is to it.’
If this contract is signed, Sung Jinwoo will be the most reliable insurance in the whole South Korea.
Suddenly, he remembered what he heard from Jeong Yun-tae the last day.
~If the Red Gate goes off, we’re all dead. But what would happen if Jinwoo were there? Hunter Sung Jinwoo is the man who didn’t blink while dealing with thousands of S-Class Monsters.
Didn’t you see what happened to the ants that were on Jeju?~
‘Oh, I definitely did.’
He suddenly realized that the man who had killed all the ants was the man in front of him.
Gulp.~
His mouth turned dry.
“The term “20 / 80″ refers to ants coming in with the scene of the massacre.” ‘It was me who was rude.’
Park Jong-soo admitted his mistake with ease.
And deep in the heart thanked to the open conditions of Jinwoo. He was grateful.
As long as you take one step back as required by the other side, you could see that equity wa right.
What to do?
After a long thought, Park opened his mouth carefully. “Okay, instead…”
“Instead?”
“…Can Hunter Sung Jinwoo handle the boss for us?”
