The Guildmaster of Knights, Park Jongsu, was greeted by unfortunate news when he returned to the Guild office.
“Hyungnim, them association folks said it’d be difficult to give a permit for that Gate that opened up yesterday.”
“What?”
The Deputy Guildmaster, Jeong Yoontae, quickly elaborated.
“Well, they said that the registered magic power of the Gate was real high.”
“We talking S-rank?”
“Naw, it was an A-rank, but they said the numbers they was gettin’ on the device damn near broke the threshold.”
“Goddammit.”
If it was an S-rank Gate, Park Jongsu had no qualms about giving it up. After all, Knights had no S-ranked Hunters among them. It would be impossible for them to clear an S-rank Gate on their own. If something like that were to happen again, it would take nothing less than another gathering of the nation’s best Hunters to clear it.
But given that the mana measurement indicated that it was an A-rank Gate, it put the Guild in a different position. As one of the top five Guilds in Korea, Knights would be the subject of merciless ridicule if they could not even muster the manpower to properly clear a single A-rank Gate. It would be a crippling blow to their already shaky reputation.
“So, hyungnim, what are we gonna do?”
“Beats me…”
“If we give up the Gate, those Myungsung bastards are gonna snatch ’er right up…”
Honam region’s Myungsung Guild. Upon hearing their name, Park Jongsu’s eyes widened.
“You’d just hand over a Gate in our territory to a son of a bitch like Ma Dongwook?”
“I’m just saying that’s what’ll happen, hyungnim.”
“Why, I’d scoop my own damn eyes out with a rusty spoon before I allow that to happen.”
“Then you reckon we should take the Gate?”
Park Jongsu’s flaring rage retreated in an instant and he pursed his lips in silent frustration. He had to tread carefully. His decision now will affect not just himself but the lives of the Guild’s Raid team. No matter how angry he felt, he could not afford to be careless here. Park Jongsu furrowed his brows and rubbed his temples as he felt a headache coming on…
‘Our Guild’s A-rank Hunters aren’t likely to lose against the ones from other major Guilds.’
If anything, just looking at the quality and quantity of A-rank Hunters, Knights could easily go toe-to-toe with South Korea’s number one Guild, Hunters Guild. The issue was that they didn’t have an ace-in-the-hole: an S-rank Hunter. That absence was threatening to drag Knights down and out of the top five ranking they currently held.
At the same time, Knights’ elites were more than capable of taking on your average A-ranked Gate. But if the Gate in question was verging on crossing into S-rank territory, then they would be incurring no small amount of risk in the undertaking. The association was no less aware of these facts than Park Jongsu, and thus was hesitant to give Knights a permit for the Gate.
‘…’
After observing the Guildmaster lost in thought for some time, the Deputy Guildmaster tried to contribute his own thoughts as delicately as possible.
“Hyungnim, if this thing ends up being a red Gate, we’s all gonna die.”
“Yup, probably.”
The fact that it was the highest level A-rank Gate was already troublesome. Adding to that the possibility of it turning out to be a red Gate? It was terrifying just to think about. They’d be counting their lucky stars if only one man were to survive for every two. The far more likely scenario would be no one coming back at all. A total loss.
‘Welp, no two ways about it, the logical choice is that we’ve got to give it up.’
But the moment news gets out that Knights gave up on an A-rank Gate, they were pretty much done for. Bad enough they didn’t have any S-rank Hunters. What kind of a recruit would considering joining a Guild that couldn’t even clear an A-rank Gate?
“Then hyungnim, how’s about we join up with one of them other Guilds to clear this one?”
Park Jongsu shook his head.
“Every one of them will know that we’re only offering a hand because we can’t get it done ourselves. Who the hell’s going to help us?”
Aside from Knights, every major Guild was more than capable of clearing the A-rank Gate on their own. Even if they find someone who was willing to team up, it was still terrible optics.
‘We might as well run around the country shouting for someone to help us wipe our own ass.’
The two men’s faces darkened with worry.
“If not a Guild, how about an individual?”
The two men turned their heads to see where the female voice had come from. It was Jeong Yerim, their lead Raid team’s A-rank healer. The opinion of a healer in any Guild is typically given great weight. Especially if that healer was a skilled A-ranker.
Still, the fate of Knights rode on this one decision. Park Jongsu was unconvinced by her well-intentioned interjection.
“We’re talking about a Gate that’s damn near S-rank, what help could a single-”
The man stopped himself.
‘Ah!’
There was such an individual. The man who single handedly massacred not only A-ranked but S-ranked magic beasts! Unable to contain his excitement, Park Jungsu shot up from his seat.
‘If Sung Jinwoo-ssi could help us…’
The man that defeated a magic beast the rest of the nation’s S-rankers couldn’t even touch. If he was with them, it’d essentially guarantee the safety of their attack team. They would be able to avoid the shame of needing another Guild’s help in clearing an A-rank Gate,
‘Hell, it might even improve our image.’
They could be the first Guild to boast about working with the strongest Hunter in the nation. Protect the lives of the Raid team, raise the status of the entire Guild. They’d be killing two birds with one stone. Elated, Park Jongsu immediately started figuring out the next steps.
“What’s Hunter Sung Jinwoo-nim up to these days?”
Both Jeong Yerim and Jeong Yoontae shook their heads. The deputy spoke up first.
“All’s I heard was that he recently cleared a Gate that popped up in the middle of some road. Ain’t heard nothing since.”
Remembering seeing Sung Jinwoo on the news recently, Jeong Yoontae took out his phone,
“Should I find out Hunter Sung Jinwoo-nim’s contact information, hyungnim?”
“Naw, put your phone away.”
“Sir?”
“You think a matter as important as this should be discussed over a phone call? I think our best bet is to shake hands and say hello to the man himself.”
“Ah ha!”
Upon hearing Jeong Yoontae’s approval, Park Jongsu declared with a smile:
“Alright, that settles it. We’re off to the capital.”
That night.
Cha Haein tossed and turned in her bed while pulling at her hair.
‘I think so? I THINK SO?!’
It was practically a confession! She pulled her covers up and over her head and kicked her feet under the blankets in flustered frustration. She stopped when she suddenly remembered something else from that conversation.
“Then….”
What had Sung Jinwoo meant with his reply?
“Then isn’t there a better method than joining my Guild?”
She had left in a hurry, making up an excuse that she needed time to think about it. But now, every time she recalled that moment, she couldn’t help but cringe.
Her face turned red with embarrassment.
Of course it began with her almost dying again. When she had met the enraged eyes of the Jinwoo’s shadow ant king, she was struck by a vision of unavoidable death. Paralyzed by absolute terror. In that moment, she was prepared to yield to the fate of becoming prey. She closed her eyes as the claws came at her from either side. But suddenly, she felt a comforting presence behind her, and before she knew it a familiar scent had pulled her into an embrace.
‘Ah…’
Cracking her eyes open just enough to peek, Cha Haein looked behind her and saw Jinwoo. He was holding on to the claws of the summon, glaring at the ant with a terrifying gaze. Standing there, caught between the personifications of life and death itself, her heart felt like it was about to explode.
And then…
“…Do you like me or something?”
Asking something like that under those circumstances was cheating!
‘I mean…’
Cha Haein shook her head violently. Even if she was asked something like that, she shouldn’t answer truthfully.
‘He’s going to think I’m some kind of weirdo.’
But, even as she thought that, her lips moved on their own. Perhaps it was because her mind was simply more at ease near Hunter Sung Jinwoo; she did acted in a way different than her usual self. Less guarded. As if she wasn’t herself.
‘As if I wasn’t myself?’
A muddled feeling of recognition snapped her out of her memories. That phrase suddenly sounded so familiar. Where had she heard it before? Sometime in the past… With a jolt, a forgotten memory flashed across her mind.
“…Tell him.”
Cha Haein sat up in her bed.
‘…!’
It was something that happened very recently, but like a daydream she’d been rudely snapped out of, the memory had stubbornly buried itself deep into the corners of her mind.
“…Tell him he has to…”
‘I…’
Cha Haein strained to remember who the owner of the voice was. Like a fog clearing away, the faint figure in her memory slowly came into focus.
“…Tell him he has to be careful…”
‘…met with Hunter Min Byungku!’
When she lost consciousness and was peacefully drifting into the stygian depths of a dreamless slumber, the person who grabbed her wrist was Hunter Min Byungku. The sensation of being interrupted from the serene nothingness lasted only for a moment. She recalled staring at Min Byungku with confusion. The Healer was clad in a black armor, showing only his face. Compared to his usual chipper self, his face carried a somber expression. As the memory became clearer, Cha Haein suddenly felt a chill running down her back. Hunter Min Byungku had spoken as if holding back tears,
“To Hunter Sung Jinwoo.”
‘To Hunter Sung Jinwoo…?”
“Tell him he has to be careful of his power.”
After showering, Jinwoo stood in front of the bathroom mirror.
‘Hmm…’
He certainly didn’t look that bad. Still, to think that a beauty like Cha Haein would take an interest in him. So much so that she’d try to join his Guild.
‘Am I really all that?’
Jinwoo continued to gaze into the mirror. A smile blossomed on his face. Well, it’s not like he was going to become a narcissist overnight. There was really only one thing he was confident of: his body. Thanks to the daily quests, his muscles had become quite defined. And as an additional benefit from the System, he’d grown taller as well. As for his face… well, setting aside his intimidating gaze, wasn’t it just an ordinary face like any other?
‘Hold on.’
Jinwoo’s eyes narrowed. He leaned forward to take a closer look at the reflection of his face. The Hunter and the man in the mirror stared at each other for a good long while.
‘Hmm.’
There was a glint in Jinwoo’s eyes as his gaze scanned over various parts of his face. As suspected, a closer look revealed that much had changed in the past few months. Imperceptible differences to just casual observation, but looking carefully now, he realized that every little scar, mark, moles and any other imperfections had completely disappeared, leaving his skin flawless.
‘Perhaps an effect of the “Will of Rebirth” buff?’
One of the buffs he received when he became a Player had healed every wound on his body. It was powerful enough to regenerate his leg that had been dismembered by the statue in the double Dungeon. He supposed it wasn’t strange for the buff to “heal” his skin as well. But that wasn’t what had caught his eye.
‘…No matter how I look at it, I look younger.’
He was in the middle of his 20s, but the face that stared back at him was that of a youthful college-grad. He looked at least two to three years younger than he should. It was surprising, but not entirely unexpected. He knew that with a sufficient capacity for magic power, some awakened beings could slow their aging. Is that what was happening to him?
‘Eh…’
Jinwoo suddenly became keenly aware that he’d been staring at his own half- naked reflection for several minutes now. With that, he quickly got dressed and left the bathroom.
At the same time, his sister came out of her room. The siblings met in the living room. With a smile, Jinwoo called out to Jinah.
“Hey, sis.”
“Hmm?”
“If you had to say, how does oppa look to you?”
“What do you mean?”
“Like, as a man.”
“Huh?”
Jinah scrunched her face.
“Where did this confidence come from? You just look like my shitty oppa.”
“Hah, I see. Thanks.”
With a grin, Jinwoo pinched Jinah’s cheeks. As expected, the little sister responded by kicking her older brother in the shins. And just like the time before, the one who hopped around the room howling in pain was Jinah.
“Did you already forget who your oppa is? How do you get any studying done with a brain like that?”
“What did you say?!”
With her lips pouting, Jinah glared at Jinwoo.
“You know I got top of the class on the mock exams, right?”
Jinwoo chortled at his sister’s reaction. This was one of the nice things about family. No matter how much he changed, he could always count on them to treat him the same way. He started drying his hair off with a towel and headed towards his room.
“Alright, work hard.”
“You too.”
As he reached the door, Jinwoo thought of something and turned around,
“Oh, by the way, I’m thinking of founding a Guild.”
“Oh!”
Jinah’s eyes sparked with excitement.
“So are people going to call you Guildmaster from now on?”
“If everything goes well.”
“What are you gonna name it?”
“That’s actually what I wanted to talk to you about…”
“Oh yeah? What is it, what is it?”
Looking at his sister jumping up and down with anticipation, Jinwoo hesitatingly asked:
“What do you think about…Solo Play?”
“Huh?”
“Solo Play.”
Jinwoo said it more seriously this second time, but the befuddled look on Jinah’s face made him second guess himself.
“Why? Do you think it’s weird?”
“…W-why would you call your Guild that?”
“You know, like Solo Player, since I like working alone.”
“Well, that fits you, but isn’t it a bit strange to name your Guild that?”
“How so?”
“Isn’t your ability that thing where you summon those black shadowy soldier things?”
“Yep.”
“Then you’re not really fighting alone, are you?”
‘Huh. She’s right.’
Jinwoo nodded.
‘From my point of view, it’s just another one of my skills. But that’s probably not how everyone else sees it.’
Her words made sense. The name he chose might follow him for the rest of his life. He had wanted to pick something that represented himself well. Hence, “Solo Play”.
‘But if that doesn’t really fit me, then it’s useless.’
Something that represented himself…Jinwoo pondered for a moment before he was struck by inspiration.
“What about Ahjin?”
“Ahjin? Ah-jin…”
Sounding it out, Jinah couldn’t help but laugh.
“Well, it sounds like you just flipped my name backwards, so I don’t hate it. But what’s it supposed to mean?”
“Well, Ah as in ‘self (我)’, and Jin as in ‘advance(進)’.”
His unique ability. An appropriate name for the Guild that would grow along with him.
“Combine the two, and you get ‘I advance’, Ahjin (我進).” “Oh~”
Jinwoo was elated to hear Jinah give it the highest compliment she had in her repertoire:
“It’s not bad.”
‘Yes, that’ll do nicely. Ahjin. “I alone advance”. Well, I guess more accurately it’d be…’
