Orcs were natural ‘Hunters.’
Although their intelligence was less than humans, they were far more superior than these in ability to track and hunt weaker objectives than themselves.
At the broken Gate, these hunters poured out of it, as the curtain that divided the human world and the Dungeons’ disappeared.
“GEUK?”
“GEULEUG.”
The Orcs pushed the bodies of the grumbling boys with their feet and looked around.
“KREUG.”
“CRUAK.”
These Hunters had been waiting in the darkness of the Dungeon for a week or so; it was natural for them to get excited about the smell of blood and flesh around.
But they were only the scouts, and because of their boiling blood, they could not pull themselves together…
-Behind the Gate, dozens of Orcs were waiting for the scouts to report.
There were many doors and windows on the walls around.
Orc, the scouts’ leader, quickly realized that the place where they were standing
was a building complexed as a citadel.
“GEUK”
He twitched his nostrils.
There were two choices:
One was to go out of the citadel-like building and randomly kill the prey. And the other choice was to kill all humans inside and fortify the building, then start hunting out.
They did not even have to think about which one was more stable.
So he told his men…
“GATHER UP, BROTHERS.”
Then he lifted his head and looked up at the ceiling.
His ear stirred, catching the sounds coming down from up there, on the top.
The building was full of prey, and the sound of the prey being killed was music to his ears.
“GOOD.”
He opened his snout revealing his yellowish fangs.
“WE’LL CLEAN UP THE PLACE FROM HERE.”
Many people flocked to the beach in Busan.
There was only one reason why people was gathered here regardless of the cloudy weather.
A huge Gate stood up on the sand.
The police, the Hunters’ Association and people from Busan who were asked to cooperate, approached the citizens and talked about the barricades.
However, they knew that as things were going, it would go out of control soon.
“Senior!”
In front of the crowd, a female rookie of Busan’s staff, came to the scene and asked to the representative.
“Do we have to go through of this every time a Gate appears?”
That day, the representative was astonished as well. It was the first time a Gate had been so complicated.
“It’s the largest Gate in Busan ever.”
He glanced back.
There was a huge hole in the air…
He was trying to ignore it because he felt like he was going to be sucked in.
Of course…
‘I know that it won’t hurt anyone unless the Dungeon Break happens…’
Still… he feared the Gates, just as there are people afraid of the space or the deep sea for no reason.
While being on the scene, he just wanted the Hunters to take care of the ominous hole.
In that sense, that raid gave him a relaxing feeling.
Then the girl came up with a story.
“Ah! Senior, I heard that…” “What?”
“It’s said that an S-Class Hunter is coming from Seoul today.” -Was there anyone who didn’t know that?
Maybe half of the people there, came to see the Gate and the other half, to see the S-Class Hunter.
“Sung Jinwoo Hunter?”
“Yes! Him!”
“Do you know him? Do you like him that much?” “Ah, no…”
The girl hurriedly smote his hands, and then leaned forward with a slightly reddish face.
“It’s the first time I will actually see an S-Class Hunter.” The representative looked bewildered.
“Hunter Sung Jinwoo is a newcomer, and so you are. Why do you act like you were so different?”
“Sir?”
“If you have the energy to be dicking around, you can go over there and give us a hand.”
“I’ve been standing there all the time, and now my legs hurt, so I will take a rest here for a while.”
The representative clicked his tongue.
He did not think there was any reason for her to not do anything. Bu it was not like he did not understand the rookie’s feeling.
“Well, I’m a little curious, too. These days, people are talking too much.”
“Although, you’re a senior?”
“He’s the hunter who took the Boss of an S-Class Gate down alone, you know?”
Originally, the Boss of the S-Class Gate in Jeju Island, was the Ant Queen, but because of the intense fight, many people who watched the broadcast thought the Mutant Ant was the Boss.
Taking a Boss monster down was like clearing a whole Dungeon.
A Hunter who could shut an S-Class Gate down, alone…
There was no rumor spreading out, that Sung Jinwoo was close to the “State-Class” rank.
It was natural that he was curious about.
“S-Class Hunter…! What does it feel like to be in front of one of them?”
The sight of his successor glancing at his eyes, stirred the shooter’s mind.
‘This girl is not here because she was called by Association, but because she admire the Hunters?’
Whatever it was, the female rookie still glanced at his eyes and spoke with an excited voice.
“Senior, senior!”
“What else?”
“They say it’s hard to look straight into the eyes of the real strong Hunters, but you’ve never seen an S-Class Hunter, have you?”
The representative recalled last year when he went to Gwangju.
“I have.”
“Wha…?”
Looking at his amazed successor, the representative shrugged in annoyance.
“How was it, senior? You must’ve really scared.”
“Hey, don’t speak on my behalf. I had the chance to see Ma Dong-wook from Hunters Guild last year at the Association.”
“Sorry, I have to pass.”
“Oh… yes.”
The two Busan’s staff members walked quickly out of the way to a man who was about to pass between them.
By the way…
“Uh?”
The representative turned back to the hooded man who had just passed by. “Is something the matter, sir?”
“No, I thought he looked familiar.”
“Oh? Isn’t it weird? I also feel the same.” “Is he a member of the Association?” “Hmm…”
“Wait, how far have I told you?”
“The…the renowned Ma Dong-wook Hunter…”
“Oh, yes, I had the opportunity to see Ma Dong-wook Hunter myself, and I could see how great he was.”
“Wow…!”
That was the second successor on the line that befitted for the position.
“Hunter Sung Jinwoo.”
Park Jong-soo expressed his gratitude to Jinwoo with a voice that was not suitable for the age of the late thirties.
There was was a lot riding on this raid.
Even with the intense reaction of Park Jong-soo, Jinwoo calmly confirmed the time.
The numbers on the cell phone’s display have just changed from 10:59 to 11:00.
‘All right.’
Jinwoo grinned.
In order to avoid a more prolonged fuss, he arrived just in time after having been hiding away for a while.
He felt good even before the raid started.
He checked out…
‘…Actually, it’s bigger.’
There was a Gate in front of him that looked much bigger than he had expected after watching the video.
The amount of magic power the Gate was seeping out was unusual, just as the Association had informed the Knights.
-Just what kind of gift will there be?
Jinwoo smiled again.
Other than that…
Aside from the size of the Gates, they were generally ordinary inside.
As any other raid with low-level Hunters, that one was divided into two sub-sectors.
‘That’s the collection team; the mining team.’
For as much as he could see, he was certain of that.
It was easy to distinguish roles by clothing and equipment.
It was because of his experience in the Hunters’ raid.
‘At that time and now, Guilds are still busy.’
He did not know what it was, but now he had some spare time, unlike when he was inexperienced.
-“EXP” was a good teacher too.
“Hey!”
“You’re really coming with us!”
“Hunter Sung Jinwoo!”
The elite Hunters who gathered at the call of Park Jong-soo, recognized Jinwoo and greeted him with bright expressions.
Jinwoo looked at their faces while giving them a short greeting.
Thirty veteran Hunters…
Park Jong-soo was confident, he had divided both the A-Class and B-Class Hunters into raids of even quantity and quality.
‘Indeed…’
It was a Guild that could represent a region.
In addition, they were completely armed with magic armors, and the name “Knights Guild” carved on was not at all by simply romance.
This Guild was underestimated because it had no S-Class.
Unfortunately, it was true.
No one had thought joining Knights Guild since a long time, and Park Jong-soo could understand their feelings.
Amidst this thought, the Hunters stared around. “Over there…”
“Hmm?”
As soon as they all saw him, immediately poured out their words. “Hunter-sempai, the raid on Jeju Island was amazing!”
“How do you summon those black soldiers? No, they’re pets, right?” “Today, Sung Jinwoo-sempai leads the raid.”
When Jinwoo got troubled by the words pouring out their mouths without thinking, he cut it out.
“Oh, stop.”
Healer Jung Yerim, who was the first that pulled out the idea of bringing Jinwoo, came out pushing through the Hunters.
“I’m sorry, Sung Hunter. What’s wrong with you guys? Don’t act like fans.” She stood in front of her colleagues.
A senpai Healer was like a mother responsible for the life of the team.
The members of the raid swallowed their words as if they had been scolded by
their mother. ‘pff…’
Jung Yerim smiled, then turned around and reached out to Jinwoo. “Knights’ elite raid’s main healer. Yes, Yerim.”
Then she spoke with a slight smile.
“I do not know other people, but the lead and the team’s main Healer should agree with each other.”
Jinwoo looked at Park Jong-soo trying to avoid her eyes that seemed full of self-interest.
“You haven’t explained them yet?” “Oh, that’s…”
Park Jong-soo put his hand on the back of his head in embarrassment. “The schedule was too tight. I’d been busy gathering my boys for a while…” He smiled shyly and looked around at the Hunters.
It was nice because the raids were all in one place, so he didn’t have to repeat himself a lot of times.
“The leader of this raid is me, Park Jong-soo.”
Park Jong-soo’s team mates were sulking when he said he was the leader. “You again?”
“But there’s Hunter Sung Jinwoo…”
“That’s right!”
It was not strange for Park Jong-soo, the top-ranked tanker among A-Class, to take the lead of the team.
Except when he was not in good physical condition, most of the raids were led by Park Jong-soo himself.
But…
-Wasn’t there an S-Class Hunter now on the raid? -The strongest Hunter takes the lead.
It was the raids’ most basic common sense.
Park quickly explained the confused team members.
“Hunter Sung Jinwoo will be the raid’s forwards and he will keep us safe.” -Watch the raids back and take responsibility for the members’ safety. This was Park Jong-soo’s request.
It was for the safety of the team, and for the Guild’s reputation. Hunters with high combat power were mainly in front.
At the back, there were magicians, healers, or auxiliar Hunters vulnerable to surprise attacks…
At present, Knights found it difficult to recruit new members, so, the survival of the members, meant the survival of the Guild.
“What if you put Hunter Sung Jinwoo there?”
The entire raid would be quickly attacking the Dungeon so there was no fear of being attacked from behind.
-No!
It would be rather welcome if enemies appear from behind.
Wasn’t “someone” there?
There was Sung Jinwoo, who did not tremble in the face of thousands of S-Class monsters in Jeju Island.
If the enemies happened to show only to the rear, the raid could take care of them with quickly.
That was the first reason.
And the second reason, that was more important than that, was…
Glance.~
Park Jong-soo swallowed hard as he looked at the reporters who were flocking over the police line.
It was evident that many people were interested in the raid.
It was easy to be seen as a Guild that relayed on Sung Jinwoo Hunter in front of so many eyes.
‘Well, it’s true.’
-Bu it didn’t look like that to anyone else from the Guild.
The supposed purpose of this raid for the Knights was to inform the Guild’s activity.
That was why Park Jong-soo asked Jinwoo to join them.
“It was decided by consultation with Sung Hunter so I will hear the complaints after the raid is over.”
He could inform his team of this detail.
But then…
“Wait a minute, I don’t really understand.” An A-Class Hunter came forward.
It was a new Hunter who had just entered the Knights Guild. “Are we weak Hunters who need to be protected by someone?” The senpais’ faces turned blue with those words.
‘Fuck…!’
‘Ma, the youngest one!’
The young Hunter, who seemed to be about the same age as Jinwoo, was overflowing with confidence.
“Is that right, brothers, sisters?” -He had have done that…
He was the rookie of the year. The one who had received most of the attention after ‘Kim Chul’ among the new Hunters.
His confidence had that “good” reason.
It was a problem that he opposed the idea.
“Sung Jinwoo, when you look at the members of our Knights Guild, do you think they’re so weak?”
“…”
Jinwoo suppressed the smile that was about to scape and quietly listened to the words of the A-Class rookie.
Of course, the bloody tension was the other Hunters’ responsibility.
‘​Huh? What’s with his confidence…’
‘Perhaps that child… Is this the first time he sees an S-Class Hunter because he’s not a Busan villager?’
‘Somebody, please stop him!’
‘I’m gonna have to stop you if you keep your bullsh*t, your language and your stupidity….’
As the veterans had ran out of words and Jinwoo remained silent, the spirit of the newcomer filled with energy and eagerness.
“You too, boss!”
“Me?”
‘Is it me this time?’
Park Jong-soo was stunned, pointing at himself.
“Even if the name of the S-Class Hunter is highly estimated, what if he agree with the condition that as an individual he would take a share as much as a Guild?”
“….”
At this point, Park Jong-soo, whose head began to hurt, squinted at Jinwoo.
“Sung Hunter… I beg you to do me the favor.”
Jinwoo nodded briefly.
“Anyway, I can’t really understand this nonsense contract.”
Then.
Igris was summoned under the nose of the new recruit who was haranguing like crazy.
“Huck!”
The “classy” rookie stumbled back with the black knight’s mighty magic. However, he had not moved two steps when he hit something hard with his back. He turned, startled, and saw a knight several heads taller than the one he had just seen, with his head tilted looking at him.
It was Iron.
“Huck!”
The groan he couldn’t swallow came out without him noticing.
Afterwards, he turned his face, which was full of cold sweat, feeling something on his shoulder, and there was something with a black robe tapping it.
“Aaaaaahhhhh!!!”
The rookie whose legs loosened in the wicked magic power that spread out from Tusk fell down.
‘​What a shame, I could not even call Ber.’
When Jinwoo gestured, the three Knights surrounding the newcomer quickly returned to the shadows.
Jinwoo approached the pale face of the newcomer and stretched out his hand.
“Do you get it now?”
The A-Class rookie, who staggered while holding Jinwoo’s hand, shook his head faster than the light.
