Jinwoo watched as the familiar misty tendrils enveloped his feet, pulling him into the shadows. He glanced over to Cha Haein to confirm that she was also being absorbed into the floor along with him.
‘Just as I thought…’
Ever since the first time he used Shadow Swap, Jinwoo had sensed that it was the same as walking through a Gate. Rather than instantaneously swapping the location of two entities, he had suspected that his ability was more akin to opening a Gate that connected two locations. Watching Cha Haein slip through the rift with him, Jinwoo was certain that he was correct.
‘One end of the portal appears on the floor here and the other end is wherever the Swap target is.’
In this case, the target was his Shadow Soldier. Jinwoo shook his head in disbelief. If his soldier was in Argentina, that journey—the equivalent of a 27- hour non-stop flight—would have happened instantly. Even with its lengthy cooldown, it was incredible to think that he had the ability to create a Gate to the other side of the world every three hours.
Jinwoo didn’t have much time to revel in amazement, however. The instantaneous nature of his ability meant that the dark shadows that consumed his vision quickly dissipated. He could now see that they were standing in the
corner of the Hunter Association’s gym. Jinwoo had planted a soldier here previously, just in case he needed to get to the Association quickly.
K-CHUNK K-CHUNK K-CHUNK K-CHUNK
With a heavy mechanical sound, the rows of lights overhead came to life one after another. The room’s automatic sensors had detected the pair’s magic power and began to illuminate the chamber. Cha Haein still had her eyes closed, but opened them once she sensed the brightness.
“How…!?”
Her eyes were opened wide, unable to contain her surprise. In a blink they had been transported from Jinwoo’s Guild office to this familiar location.
‘Is this even possible?’
As far as Cha Haein could recall, there had been no documented Hunter ability even remotely close to this. She stared at Jinwoo with a mixture of disbelief and awe.
“You…”
Cha Haein paused. She wanted to know everything about this enigmatic Hunter, but found herself unable to speak. One reason for this was that she had too many questions and didn’t know where to start. The other reason for this was that Jinwoo’s face was mere centimeters away from hers.
“Um…it’s ok now.”
Gently, Jinwoo touched her hand. Cha Haein could feel the temperature of her cheeks rising as he peeled her arms off from around his waist.
“You don’t have to hold onto me anymore.”
Breathlessly, Cha Haein nodded as she stroke the spot on her hand where Jinwoo had touched her. Jinwoo walked away from the corner where his shadow soldier was hiding and made his way towards the center of the gym.
“So, let’s get started.”
“Okay.”
Cha Haein started after Jinwoo, but paused suddenly. She suddenly remembered that she had left her sword back in her car, thinking that it would be rude to be armed while visiting someone else’s office.
“I left my weapon in my car…”
“Oh, your pickaxe?”
“Huh?”
“The weapon you were holding in the high orc Dungeon was a pickaxe right?”
Cha Haein felt the blood rush to her face a second time as she recalled that embarrassing encounter.
“No, my weapon is—”
Jinwoo was fighting hard not to laugh. Seeing his expression, Cha Haein realized that he was teasing her.
“…”
Cha Haein flushed an even deeper shade of red. Mercifully, Jinwoo held up his hand.
“Just kidding.”
The levity in his expression quickly shifted to a more serious one.
‘What should we do then?’
Even though Cha Haein was a S-rank Hunter, she would not be able to fight barehanded against one of his soldiers. Of course, he expected his soldier to win, but didn’t want to risk hurting Cha Haein in the process.
“It’s alright.”
Cha Haein changed directions and walked towards the storage room.
“There should something that I can borrow from the storage.”
‘Oh?’
Jinwoo was learning something new. He watched from the center of the gym as Cha Haein pressed her Hunter’s license against the panel next to the storage room door. There was a confirmation beep and the door slid open automatically. Inside, lined up neatly against the wall, was a wide assortment of weapons.
‘So they’re prepared for something like this. The Association has some good foresight.’
The Association imposed heavy taxes on all Hunter-related transactions and Jinwoo always wondered where that money went. It was a relief to know that it was being put to good use. While Jinwoo was deep in thought, Cha Haein scanned the storage room and picked up a sword that was similar in length and weight as her preferred weapon.
“I’m ready.”
“Are you sure? It might be difficult to use a weapon that you’re not used to.”
Cha Haein shook her head dismissively.
“It is not the tools we use that make us good, but rather how we employ them. Besides, if I was fighting a magic beast, they wouldn’t wait for me to fetch my usual weapon.”
Jinwoo nodded in agreement. Cha Haein’s sentiment was admirable and he found himself warming up to the female Hunter.
‘Alright, so who should I call up?’
Cha Haein was exuding a powerful aura and presence. It seemed that her words were not just for show. Without a doubt, most of Jinwoo’s soldiers would be torn apart instantly by this woman. With that in mind, Jinwoo played the most reliable card from his deck.
‘Come forth.’
Obeying his command, a portion of Jinwoo’s shadow detached itself and crept forward several paces. A gauntleted hand burst out from the darkness and grasped the gymnasium floor. The form of a shadowy knight slowly climbed out from the abyss. He was clad in pitch-black armor and bore an elaborate helmet adorned with a long, blood-red plume that fell behind him, all the way to his waist. It was Igrit, the strongest swordsman of his Shadow Army.
‘The strongest swordsman, yes. But not the strongest overall…’
Jinwoo decided that it would be overkill to call upon Ber. Afterall, he already knew that Ber’s original form had easily overwhelmed the entire Korean S-rank
team and left Cha Haein in mortal danger. Even though the shadow retained a fraction of its original’s power, Jinwoo was cautious of the psychological toil that the ant king might impose on her. Similarly, calling upon Tusk was out of the question, as Jinwoo could not count on the high orc sorcerer to avoid damaging the Association’s property. In the end, Jinwoo decided on Igrit.
‘I can count on you.’
Staring at the back of the dependable knight, Jinwoo felt confident that his choice was correct. However…
“Sung Jinwoo-ssi.”
Cha Haein interrupted his thoughts.
“What is the criteria for this test?”
Her voice was soft and relaxed, carrying the chilling air of a profession assassin. It was a tone of voice that would freeze most people in their tracks. It even caused Jinwoo to reconsider his choice for a bit. He took a moment to regain his composure and think before giving her an answer.
“The test concludes either when the summon is destroyed or when Hunter Cha- nim surrenders.”
Cha Haein nodded and then, in one smooth motion, unsheathed the sword she had picked up from the storage and assumed her fighting pose. The scabbard
was gracefully discarded as she spun around, landing with a clatter on the sidelines by the far wall. Even though the sword was a common, average-level magic weapon, it looked incredibly formidable in that moment, gripped confidently in Cha Haein’s hands as she stood ready for combat.
‘She truly is strong.’
Jinwoo could feel Cha Haein’s determination. The woman, one of the strongest Korean S-rank Hunters, was resolved to throw everything she had into this fight. In comparison, Igrit’s presence barely registered on Jinwoo’s radar as he drew his two longswords. Once again, the notion that his soldier might lose crossed Jinwoo’s mind.
‘Hold on…she said that she doesn’t care about what weapons are used right?’
A wry smile formed on Jinwoo’s face as he decided to use Cha Haein’s words against her.
“Um…could you turn around for a sec?”
“…?”
Cha Haein tilted her head in puzzlement but did as he requested. Once her back was turned, Jinwoo promptly called up his inventory and pulled out the Demon King’s Longsword.
‘Use this.’
He placed the weapon in Igrit’s hand. If a magic beast doesn’t care about their opponent’s weapon, then logic dictates that a Hunter shouldn’t either. Igrit bowed his head in deep gratitude and began to bend the knee as well, but Jinwoo stopped him.
‘Hey, I told you already that you don’t have to be so formal with me.’
Jinwoo sighed. If only he could take half of Igrit’s chivalrous personality and give it to Iron. Having completed his preparations, he called out to Cha Haein.
“Okay, you can turn back around now.”
When Cha Haein faced her opponent again, she noticed that the knight held a new sword. Electricity coursed through the blade with bright flashes, lighting up the area around them with its eerie blue glow.
“…”
Jinwoo avoided eye contact with her and shuffled his feet, feigning ignorance.
“Ready to get started?”
“…okay.”
Cha Haein realized that she had no room to complain, given her words about weapons earlier. Still, she could not help but let the discontent show on her face. Jinwoo felt slightly guilty, but it was too late to change his mind now.
“Begin!”
Igrit moved immediately at the start signal, sweeping the Demon King’s Longsword in a large arc and activating its ability. With a blinding flash, a bright bolt of lightning streaked across the room towards Cha Haein. The brightness stunned the woman for just a moment before her combat experience kicked in. With cat-like grace, she bent backwards to let the lightning sail harmlessly over her body. The attack struck the far wall of the gymnasium with a thunderous crash, leaving the wall charred and smoldering.
Cha Haein recovered her stance and shot a dark look in Jinwoo’s direction. However, the newly-appointed S-ranker avoided eye contact once more. Instead, he appeared to be intensely focused on checking the length of his fingernails.
‘…’
Rather than complaining, Cha Haein grasped her sword with both hands. Jinwoo subtly signalled to Igrit to avoid using the lightning strike. The knight immediately obeyed and charged in to engage in melee combat. The female Hunter met the knight head on, swinging her sword at her foe’s body. The speed of Igrit’s attack was truly terrifying. If Jinwoo had fought the current Igrit in their first encounter, he probably would have never acquired his necromancer powers. And yet, astoundingly, Cha Haein did not block or parry the knight’s strike. Instead, she dodged it by a hair’s breadth. Even more surprising was when she swung her own weapon in a perfectly timed counter.
A few minutes prior, just before Jinwoo and Cha Haein arrived at the gym, Association President Go Gunhee was working in his penthouse office suite situated on the highest floor of the South Korean Hunter Association headquarters. From his office, the president had a view of all the Association- owned buildings and the surrounding environments.
‘Hmm?’
A distant flicker of light caught Go Gunhee’s eye and he turned his head to look out the window. The Association gym should have been closed, but the president could clearly see that all the lights in the gym were turned on. Go Gunhee reached over to press a button on his desk phone. His assistant responded immediately.
“Yes sir?”
“Did someone reserve the gym today?”
“Um…according to our records, no sir.”
“Is that so?”
Go Gunhee pondered for a moment before continuing.
“Could you send me the gym’s security cam footage for the past few minutes?”
“Of course sir.”
A few moments later, Go Gunhee was sipping tea and watching the security cam recording on his computer. For the most part, the video contained grainy black and white footage, as the gym was dark and the camera was in infrared mode. There was a bright flash as the lights came on and, once the camera switched modes, the president was able to see a man and a woman standing in a corner of the gym, holding each other in a tight embrace. He leaned in closer to the monitor as he repeatedly clicked the button to magnify the video feed.
PUH! COUGH COUGH
Go Gunhee choked as he tried to stop himself from spitting tea all over the computer screen. There, clear as day on the monitor, were the faces of S-rank
Hunters Sung Jinwoo and Cha Haein. The elderly man stroked his chin and stared at the frozen image of the pair.
‘When did they get together?’
The Association president suddenly recalled the moment Hunter Cha Haein regain consciousness aboard the helicopter after the Jeju Island incident. She had called out for Hunter Sung Jinwoo.
‘How did I miss that?’
Go Gunhee felt a wave of warmth radiate through his body as a smile formed on his wrinkled face. Both Hunters had requested for information protection the minute they became S-rankers. In the president’s mind, they were the type that valued privacy and tried to avoid the paparazzi. Unfortunately for Cha Haein and Sung Jinwoo, they were instantly recognizable to the entire nation. In order for them to spend private time together, they would need a secluded space, such as the Association gym after business hours. It would be difficult for them to enjoy the typical romantic retreats afforded to couples their age. Go Gunhee felt a tug at his heartstrings.
‘Ah, to be young again.’
The Association president pressed the button on his desk phone once more.
“Sorry, but could you disable all the security cameras for the gymnasium?”
“Sir? But…”
“Just say that we were doing some maintenance or something.”
“Understood sir.”
Go Gunhee deleted the security footage on his computer and leaned back in his chair. He glanced out the window towards the gymnasium again and smiled. Feeling reinvigorated, he attacked his remaining paperwork with gusto.
BOOM
The tea in his cup rippled as the earth vibrated gently. The thunderous sound had come from the direction of the gymnasium.
“Ho ho, oh my.”
Go Gunhee chuckled, but kept his eyes focused on the documents before him. It seems there was another reason why the pair needed to use the specially constructed facility.
‘Ah, to be young again. I wonder what their children will look like?’
‘Damn…’
Jinwoo gritted his teeth and rubbed his temples. The foreboding feeling he got from observing Cha Haein’s fighting posture was substantiated. Igrit, even with the Demon King’s Longsword, was no match for the female Hunter. She stayed close to her opponent, but was still able to anticipate and avoid every attack from the knight while countering back. A sweeping horizontal strike was met with a duck and a stab to the gut. A piercing lunge was met with a parry and pommel strike to the face. Finally, a vertical slice was met with a quick side step and a powerful upward slash aimed at the unprotected joints in between the plates of armor.
“Stop!”
The moment Cha Haein sliced off the Igrit’s left arm, Jinwoo decided to call the match. Even though his soldiers were able to regenerate immediately, it bothered Jinwoo to see them get injured.
‘Phew~’
Cha Haein took a deep breath and forced her heart rate to calm down. To Igrit’s credit, it was not an easy fight. The female Hunter was drenched in sweat. She used her slender snow-white fingers to wipe her brow, her clothes being too soaked to be of any use. Jinwoo shook his head in disappointment as he recalled the defeated knight.
“I concede.”
“No, that didn’t count.”
‘…?’
Cha Haein was still keeping her weapon at the ready as she faced Jinwoo.
“You said you were going to send out your strongest summon right?”
The female Hunter raised her weapon and took her fighting stance once more.
“Was that black knight really your strongest summon?”
Cha Haein’s tone was as accusatory as her question was rhetorical. Jinwoo shook his head, confirming her suspicion.
“Please call out your strongest summon. This test is pointless otherwise.”
“You might get hurt.”
“I’m prepared for that. I just want try fighting it again.”
“You knew?”
Jinwoo’s expression betrayed his surprise. The female Hunter nodded.
“I watched the broadcast recording.”
Cha Haein had reviewed the Jeju Island footage so many times that she had it fully memorized by now. In her head she could recalled the appearance of the giant shadowy monster. The familiar hooded figure that breathed fire.
“One of your summons is the high orc shaman boss from the A-rank Dungeon right?”
It that was true, then the terrifying ant that Jinwoo defeated on Jeju Island would also be his summon now. From the very beginning, Cha Haein had expected the ant king to be her opponent for this test.
‘Defeating any other foe is meaningless.’
Cha Haein wanted Jinwoo to truly acknowledge her. In order to earn that recognition, she would need to defeat the monstrous ant. Jinwoo nodded, admiring her conviction.
‘Ber.’
The Shadow Soldier responded to his master’s summon, stepping out from a cloud of black mist behind Jinwoo. At the sight of him, Cha Haein instinctively took a step back. And then another. The ant king exuded a terrifying aura that all but paralyzed her, similar to their first encounter on Jeju Island. Jinwoo could see the color drain from Cha Haein’s face and grew concerned for the female Hunter.
“Are you sure you want to go through with this?”
Even though the Shadow Soldier Ber wasn’t as strong as his original form, the ant king had been created for the sole purpose of killing Hunters. Cha Haein, realizing that her jaw was hanging open, pressed her lips firmly together. With a determined look on her face, she responded with a curt nod. All the while, Ber was observing the female Hunter. He turned to Jinwoo and bowed his head.
‘My king, what is your command?’
Jinwoo glanced over at Cha Haein. The female Hunter did not react to Ber’s question. Rather, she did not hear anything at all as the two were communicating telepathically through the bond between a Shadow Soldier and the Monarch of Shadows.
‘Make her submit without hurting her.’
‘My king, I hear and obey.’
As the ant king turned to face the female Hunter, Cha Haein found that there was a lump in her throat and swallowed it. The magical power emanating from her opponent sent chills straight through to her bones. Cha Haein tightened her grip on her weapon to stop her hands from shaking.
‘How did Sung Jinwoo-ssi fight such a creature?’
Igrit was a tough opponent, but Cha Haein had faced that challenger without batting an eye. Now, however, she was barely able to match her opponent’s
gaze. As the two faced off, Cha Haein took her fighting stance and Ber released a piercing shriek.
SCREEEEE~!
The claws at the end of the ant king’s hands grew out until it resembled a long, thin blade.
‘No claws.’
Ber froze. He could sense Jinwoo’s stern gaze behind him.
‘Don’t make me repeat myself. If that woman gets hurt, don’t think that you’ll be comfortable afterwards.’
‘My king, as you wish.’
The ant king retracted his claws and stood before his opponent in a neutral stance. Jinwoo nodded and finally gave the start signal.
“Begin!”
