You’ve leveled up!
You’ve leveled up!
Unlike a Dungeon, the Instant Dungeon had a resp.a.w.n timer for its enemies. The monsters on the first level resp.a.w.ned while he took care of the second level monsters, then the monsters on the second level would resp.a.w.n while he went back to the first level monsters.
You’ve leveled up!
You’ve leveled up!
Jinwoo went back and forth between the first and second levels until his level stopped rising.
‘Don’t know when I’ll get a chance like this again.’
After a certain point, he was able to predict where the monsters would attack from.
“A monkey from above,”
He easily dodged the claws of the monkey that was falling on him and stabbed its chest with his sword.
“Cats from the left and right.”
He slashed the necks of the black panthers that pounced on him from his sides.
You’ve defeated the Razor-clawed Briga.
You’ve defeated the Black-shadow Razan.
You’ve defeated the Black-shadow Razan.
[1]
And with that, all the mobs on the second level were defeated. It had been some time since his level stopped at 15. It looked like that was the limit of his growth on the first and second levels.
“Stat.”
Stats
Strength: 45
Const.i.tution: 24
Agility: 24
Intelligence: 24
Sense: 24
(Available stat points: 0)
After leveling up several times, his stats had increased accordingly. Agility was almost at 25; after reaching above 20 in agility, he was able to fully discern the difference between strength agility. Instead of increasing is physical speed, the increased agility made his vision speed up, making it seem like the enemies were slowing down.
‘Like a slow motion video.’
Even as the monkey fell down and the panthers leapt at him, he saw it all in slow motion. It was as if time itself had slowed down. The effect made it easier to dodge the enemy’s attacks and at the same time land his attacks. It certainly made him feel more ‘agile’.
Speed is relative.
As the agility stat became higher, the difference between him and his opponent would make his own movements seem faster to the enemy.
‘Looks like there’s a great synergy between the strength and agility stats.’
And that was Jinwoo’s final thought on the agility stat.
“So that’s that.”
His turned his head.
“What to do about that…”
He was looking at the stairway down to the third level.
Even though the path to the third level was wide open, there was a reason he spent his time between the first and second levels.
‘I feel a chill down there.’
As his sense stat increased, the feeling of danger he felt from the third level became stronger. Even without looking, Jinwoo was certain there was something strong down there. He recalled the message from the Dungeon entrance,
You cannot exit the Dungeon.
Please defeat the boss or use a “return stone”
The existence of a boss.
In preparation of facing it, Jinwoo had gone back and forth between the first and second levels countless amount of times. Even after such preparation, he felt an uneasiness as he stood before the third level entrance.
He slapped his cheeks.
‘I’ve entered a Dungeon. I can’t leave without taking a look at the boss, right?’
A small amount of anxiety was good for maintaining the top level of readiness. His current anxiety was just the right amount.
Holding his sword in his hands, Jinwoo slowly descended the stairs.
‘Am I crazy or do these stairs feel longer than usual?’
He gulped. Although the lighting was much dimmer than the first and second levels, he had no trouble seeing his surroundings.
‘Is it because of the sense stat?’
His eyesight had improved.
As he cautiously descended, he came across the platforms where the trains would stop next to. But next to the platforms, instead of the tracks that the trains would travel on, was a giant ma.s.s of black water.
‘What is this?’
It was like a river or a lake. To take a closer look, Jinwoo took a step forward.
Suddenly, something large, like a giant log, shot out from the waters.
sliiiiide-!
‘It’s fast!’
The thing that reached him in a blink of an eye was not a log, but a giant snake.
“Hiya!”
Jinwoo reflexively struck the snake’s head.
clang!
His eyes widened.
“What?!”
Although he was able to parry the direction of the snake that was coming it at him, he now stared at the broken sword in his hand. He quickly turned around. As if surprised by Jinwoo’s strike, the snake coiled at a distance, staring at him with a piercing gaze.
‘Ruler of the Swamp, Blue Poison-fanged Casaka[2]’
Its name in orange letters floated clearly above its head.
Next to the ordinary monsters that had a white name up until now, this thing’s speed and durability was incomparably greater.
‘Still, to think that a magic power enforced sword would just break like this.’
Jinwoo gulped and a.n.a.lyzed Casaka. The blue scales on its body glistened; these armor like scales covered Casaka from head to tail. The scales that could not be pierced by a sword. Jinwoo’s fists would probably not work either.
As he considered the futility of his situation, Casaka, having determined that Jinwoo was a prey, charged towards him with an explosive speed.
sliiiiiide-!
Jinwoo narrowed his eyes.
‘Here it comes!’
As he concentrated with every ounce of his focus, Casaka’s previously blurry form began to become clearer in his eyes. This was the power of the agility stat.
As Casaka opened its jaws wide and came at him, Jinwoo quickly twisted his body to dodge the attack. At the same time, he maneuvered himself behind the snake’s head and grabbed it with both of his arms and squeezed.
crack!
Jinwoo’s strength stat was nearing 50. The terrifying power was being applied to the snake’s arteries. Unable to escape his clutches, the snake thrashed and struggled in pain. At the monster’s resistance, Jinwoo gritted his teeth and strengthened his grip.
slam! slam!
Even as he was slammed into the floor and the walls by the snake’s movements, Jinwoo held on and did not let go.
‘If I didn’t do all that leveling before coming here…’
There was no end to the ‘what-if’s in Jinwoo’s mind.
What if he hadn’t leveled to his limit beforehand?
What if he hadn’t focused all of his points into strength?
It may have significantly hampered his ability to take down Casaka. This place would have been his grave. His judgment on waiting before going down to the third floor was wise.
crack!
With a sickening sound, Casaka’s skull was crushed.
You’ve defeated the Ruler of the Swamp, Blue Poison-fanged Casaka.
You’ve leveled up!
You’ve leveled up!
As expected of a boss mob. Defeating Casaka had granted him two levels. Jinwoo pumped his fists. The levels that seemed to stop at 15 shot up to 17. He started the day at level 1; he had leveled up like crazy since then.
‘However,’
There was no one who hunted a boss mob just for experience points. When it comes to taking down a boss, the number one thing was items!
As he looked over the sprawled out body of the snake, Jinwoo saw two sources of light coming from its body.
‘I guess bosses drop more than one item?’
With a delighted face, he stretched his hand towards the light.
ring~
You’ve found “Casaka’s Poisoned Fang”
Would you like to acquire it?
You’ve found “Casaka’s Venom Gland”
Would you like to acquire it?
“Acquire all.”
As he spoke, a dagger made out of bones and a pouch containing some substance appeared in his outstretched hand.
Casaka’s Poisoned Fang
Rarity: C
Type: Dagger
Attack Power +25
Inflicts ‘Paralysis’ and ‘Bleeding’ on attack.
‘Paralysis’: The target has a chance to become immobilized.
‘Bleeding’: The target will lose 1% health per second.[3]
A dagger made of Casaka’s poisoned fang, still dripping with its poison.
You may keep this item in your inventory.
You may sell this item in the shop.
Jinwoo nodded as he read the item’s description.
‘Not bone, but a dagger made out of that thing’s fang. Its stats and effects are pretty good.’
He looked at the pouch next.
Casaka’s Venom Gland
Rarity: A
Type: Elixir[4]
Buff ‘Casaka’s Armored Scales’ applied on consumption.
Debuff ‘Weakened Muscles’ applied on consumption.
‘Casaka’s Armored Scales’: Physical Damage Reduction +20%
‘Weakened Muscles’: Strength -35
A pouch containing the refined venom of Casaka. Drinking will give you a permanently toughened skin, but the venom will also permanently damage your muscles.
Rare drop from Casaka.
You may keep this item in your inventory.
Jinwoo’s expression flickered back and forth between joy and sorrow.
Casaka’s Poisoned Fang was a good weapon to replace the broken steel sword. On top of the fact that the dagger’s attack power was more than double of the sword, it even had special effects like ‘paralysis’ and ‘bleeding’.
‘But the venom is a bit…’
At first excited about an rank rarity item, he quickly realized it was not that great of an item after reading its description. Of course, reducing all physical damage by 20% was an effect worthy of an ranked item. But the penalty of losing 35 points of strength was too much. Especially when he considered the fact that he had focused all his points into strength so far.
Although a double-edged sword, it was still an item he did not want to throw away. Perhaps someday, when his stats were so high that a 35 point reduction wouldn’t hurt that much, he would use this item.
“…For now, into the inventory you go.”
With a disappointed expression, he stored the dagger and the elixir in his inventory. If only an rank dagger and a C-rank elixir had come out instead…
As he contemplated the idea, he received a message.
As the boss was defeated, the Dungeon will return to its normal interior.
His surroundings blurred. Jinwoo became slightly dizzy as the world came back to him. Looking around, he was standing in the middle of a normal subway station. The lights were on brightly, and the waters that filled the tracks had disappeared.
“But where is everyone?”
On top of the lack of humans, there were no trains either. Wondering if it was past the time trains were running, Jinwoo checked the time. The clock was pointing to 10 PM. He had entered the Instant Dungeon a little after lunch and had spent nearly 9 hours in it.
‘A lot of time pa.s.sed.’
If his level-ups were not accompanied by a status recovery, he probably would’ve collapsed a while ago.
‘Still, it’s too early for trains to stop running.’
After waiting a bit to see if the trains would arrive, Jinwoo decided to leave the station. Walking through the second and first levels, he still didn’t see anyone around. As he walked up the last flight of stairs, someone shouted to him,
“Sir!”
A human voice was a rather welcoming sound to Jinwoo. He raised his head. It was a military soldier holding a gun.
“Identify yourself! What were you doing down there? Did you not hear the announcements?”
Seeing the man’s serious expression, Jinwoo’s own became hardened.
“Did something happen?”
“What do you mean if ‘something’ happened?! Do you not know?!”
The approaching soldier’s eyes suddenly fell on the broken sword Jinwoo was holding. Jinwoo learned that being broken, the sword was not able to be placed into the inventory. Not wanting to throw it away, Jinwoo had held it in his hands while walking. Seeing the sword, the soldier’s eyes changed. He carefully looked up and down on Jinwoo, noticing the traces of battle on his tattered clothes.
The soldier who had maintained a hard att.i.tude suddenly became friendly,
“Are you a Hunter-nim by any chance?”
Translator’s Notes:
[1]: Literal translations + romnizations of non korean names.
[2]: 늪의 지배자, 푸른 독니 카사카. Pretty straightforward translation. The first part is the thing’s t.i.tle, “swamp” 늪 + “ruler” 지배자. “푸른” can refer to either blue or green; I went with blue.
[3]: “lose 1% health” (체력이 … 소모됩니다). The word for “health” is the same as the stat word for “const.i.tution”. I wasn’t sure if the debuff affected the stat or the HP; I went with HP.
[4]: “Elixir” (비약): Couldn’t find a direct translation. Seemed like it was either potion or elixir. Found a “water walking elixir” in WoW that translated “elixir” to 비약… So i went with elixir…
